"For example, like I'm going to do like this. For example, like that you know. This is called
"Sundong" is three times a big beat and one time a small beat is called "Sundong" and
you beat the drums. And this line, "Radiya Charya" with drums, not every sangha member
will play the bells and the drums. Only "Radiya Charya" will play the drums. Sorry, "drummers"
will play the bells. So you can beat the drums. But when we do this today, we all do it, "Radiya
Charya". We do this, so this. And then there is called "Teng Song" and "Sundong". This
is just, again, "Sundong" and that is like a barbecue. And this time we have the trumpet,
conch shell and wands. Everything they play. So they play. But not the bell you can play
or the "Vedetarya" is playing the bell. And then so here, the "Teng Song" is. And that's
how you beat one drum. And then you beat one drum. And this is doing three times. So now
three, three, two, second. And now do one more. That is three times "Bling Ling Ling" "Teng
Song". Now we do this. This is used most of the time to invite the deities or the buddhas
or the wisdom beings. So it's "M" okay. And then after that three times, finish it. And
at that time, then, for example, "Vedetarya" are going to play the drums. So these four
things is according to the philosophy of this, the wisdom beings are now prepared to rising
up from their thrones. So when these "Teng Ling Ling" they are now really ready to prepare
to come up, coming up, just getting up from their thrones and all that. When you do the
"Vedetarya" that's fine. Now they are really arriving. Just arriving to the place, to the
mandala. Right there, moving to that around. And then at that time, then everybody will
call the trumpet is playing, also blowing and conscious blowing. And then also "Chopu"
will tell where the head, head, and then where this essence carry around the temple, temple
or around the mandalas. And then once that is up, then again we do this "Sompu".
At that time, the idea is then the Buddhas are merged, sitting with the mandala or within
yourself, now merged and become once in separate. So when we do this, this time, when we do this,
that time, that we all play folks on this case, we all play the "Dhammaru" and build
that continually. Once that is finished,
from the last bit, small one bit, kind of two bit, at that moment, then Dhammaru will stop.
But continually you will drain the build and hold the Vedic heart center. And normally, again,
as I said, it's only done by the Vedic Jai. Vedic Jai, not everyone's. But in this case,
we do this. So this Abunu, we really do this and beat the drums, many people will beat the drums.
I think we have four or five, six, three pairs of conscious shells and we blow the conscious shells
.
We have beautiful horn and beautiful trumpet, but I know that we are ready in the next time.
Of course, there is always need go.
And then we have this beautiful emoket we pray. I asked last night, like, "Laya and I,
it is just beautiful." When you read this story, you're going to be able to lift you to bed in the
department and then you ask, "How I can have that instant, that make something I call that blessing
of you will come." I mean, it's a beautiful story, beautiful teaching there. So this is
very considerate, powerful and special blessings. And so we join this, we join to release and then
we beat the drum and we do our best. So that's it. And that is where we are. Okay. Thank you.